[Music]
they were taking from the moor a week
ago they can be very very nervous of
humans and whatever time we've heard of
humans so far has probably been pretty
hellish boy let's kind of go
[Music]
what is this place
oh man at this point we don't know for
sure what's happened but David and Jane
have disappeared and we believe they've
been taken the enclosure was locked so
would it have been that somebody's
climbed over this grabbed a carb you
know you know pretty scratchy and by
teacup throwing it in a bag and managed
to climb back over and do all of that
without anybody here in it it means we
were being watched and targeted to get
those bears every time you get a rescue
done you've won a fight but a battles
not over I guess we just didn't expect
them to bring the battle to our doorstep
[Music]